<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">    
    <h:body>        
        <ui:composition template="common.xhtml">            
            <ui:define name = "content">
                <div style ="width:1200px; margin:0 auto;">
                    <h1><b>Help</b></h1>

                    <h2><b><i>What is this?</i></b></h2>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">This is a audio platform in which you can not only search for music through a normal search but also through tempo. The objectives is to create an easy and enjoyable platforms and also a fascinating user interface, as I believe this is a big part of any programme or application.</p>

                    <h2><b><i>Normal search</i></b></h2>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">To use the normal search, you can simply enter any of the below and your songs will be returned!:</p>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">• Song name</p>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">• Artist name</p>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">• Genre</p>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">• Album</p>
                    
                    <h2><b><i>Tempo search</i></b></h2>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">Hit the "Start tapping" button and tap your tempo interactively using any of the keys on your keyboard! You have 10 seconds in total, which is illustrated on the countdown bar. Also every time you hit a key the blinker will flash green to confirm an entry was received. Once the 10 seconds is up the average bpm will be calculated and entered into the required field. You can set a tolerance level to return song within a specified range of the bpm calculated. Press go and retrieve all the songs of your desired tempo.</p>

                    <h2><b><i>Playlists</i></b></h2>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">Playlists are a great way to save collections of music, either for your own listening or to share.</p>
                    <h3><i>Create and edit playlist</i></h3>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">In order to use the playlist feature you <b>must</b> be logged into your account, if you do not have one follow the sign up form and create one!</p>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4">Once you have searched for a song either through normal or tempo search and you are logged in there will be an extra column which will contain an "Add to playlist" tab, when this is clicked a pop up will appear in which you can add the chosen song to either a new playlist, which you can name at that point, or an existing playlist. Once the playlist has been created you can click on the "broswer playlist" tab and view your playlist you created and also edit or delete them.</p>
                  
                    <h2><b><i>System</i></b></h2>
                    <h3><i>Which devices can i use the application on?</i></h3>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4"></p>

                    <h3><i>Storage information</i></h3>
                    <p style="color:#4682B4"></p>
                    
                 </div>
               
            </ui:define>            
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>

